ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/ContactDAO.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.ContactDAO
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/ContactRecyclerAdapter.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.ContactRecyclerAdapter
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.ContactRecyclerAdapter$ActionCallback
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.ContactRecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/Database.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.Database
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/FragmentMapsBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.FragmentMapsBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/BuildConfig.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.BuildConfig
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/PreferencesFragment.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.PreferencesFragment
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.PreferencesFragment$1
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.PreferencesFragment$2
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.PreferencesFragment$3
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.PreferencesFragment$4
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/StoryDAO.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.StoryDAO
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/MusicPlayerFragment.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.MusicPlayerFragment
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.ui.home.HomeViewModel
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.ui.home.HomeFragment
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/StoriesFragment.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.StoriesFragment
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.StoriesFragment$1
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.StoriesFragment$2
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/SensorsFragment.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.SensorsFragment
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/ItemRecyclerContactBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.ItemRecyclerContactBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/MyService.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.MyService
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/FragmentCameraBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.FragmentCameraBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/CameraFragment.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.CameraFragment
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.CameraFragment$FileProvider
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/LoginFragment.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.LoginFragment
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.LoginFragment$1
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.LoginFragment$2
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/Story.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.Story
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/ItemRecyclerStoryBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.ItemRecyclerStoryBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/FragmentCalculatorBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.FragmentCalculatorBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/CalculatorFragment.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.CalculatorFragment
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/StoryRecyclerAdapter.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.StoryRecyclerAdapter
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.StoryRecyclerAdapter$ActionCallback
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.StoryRecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.ContentMainBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/MainActivity.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.MainActivity
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/FragmentBrowserBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.FragmentBrowserBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/FragmentSensorsBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.FragmentSensorsBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/FragmentStoriesBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.FragmentStoriesBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/MapsFragment.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.MapsFragment
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/RoomFragment.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.RoomFragment
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.RoomFragment$1
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/FragmentMusicPlayerBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.FragmentMusicPlayerBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/FragmentInternetBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.FragmentInternetBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/Contact.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.Contact
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/FragmentRoomBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.FragmentRoomBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/FragmentRecordingBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.FragmentRecordingBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/BrowserFragment.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.BrowserFragment
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/databinding/FragmentPreferencesBinding.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.databinding.FragmentPreferencesBinding
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/RecordingFragment.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.RecordingFragment
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/DateTypeConverter.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.DateTypeConverter
ru/mirea/petrov/mireaproject/InternetFragment.java
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.InternetFragment
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.InternetFragment$1
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.InternetFragment$2
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.InternetFragment$3
 ru.mirea.petrov.mireaproject.InternetFragment$DownloadPageTask
